all right we're back with our new series
we're calling and I got played by Kathie
Lee and Hoda Kathie Lee's on the way
we're dressed in these ridiculous
ridiculous super suits all right we
pulled two people from the audience
these wonderful two people from our
plaza and this involves us in our sumo
suits and they're gonna throw rings on
our hands okay tell me your guys's names
because I don't I can't see him Carson
stoker Brian Carson were you from Exeter
Nebraska Exeter what's your name on
Gabriella Gabriella oh thank god you're
here Sara our lovely Sara is going to be
our Ref and you're gonna what what these
guys are gonna do is you guys are gonna
throw rings on our phones
where's your hand okay hold my hand I
can't all right you guys do you think oh
my gosh
Carson's with me go we just there I
can't even my hands don't even tell us
what they would okay get ready and we're
gonna they're gonna throw it we're gonna
get it on our hands okay ready all right
come on wait that's what you're holding
Kathie Lee has been disqualified for
skipping higher tones where you're from
again from the Bronx where you from
sweetheart Nebraska we have gifts oh my
god thank you very much I don't know
what you good job I'm sorry literally
cannot lift up my leg now I know how a
dogs feel when they just can't you know
all right come back tomorrow you guys
we're gonna do ambush
and don't forget Frank Gifford and
capsicum you have to deny ever feeling I
know he's gonna see this and say no way
I'm going to that show I need to go sit
down boys oh my god